docs: fix and improve the description about row id (#5463)
lancedb/lance: docs/src/format/table/row_id_lineage.md

Stable row IDs provide persistent identifiers that remain constant throughout a row's lifetime, even as its physical location changes.
Row version tracking records when rows were created and last modified, enabling incremental processing, change data capture, and time-travel queries.

## Row Identification Forms

> A row in Lance has two identification forms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A row in Lance has two forms of row identifiers:
```
